Why are you still carrying this?
Don’t you know that I like it? Then I will fly with it in both irons and doubles?
What about technology and etiquette here?
Of course not. This thing is so hateful.
How could you be so blind?
Where's the grudge? I feel exactly the same as you?
How can I be so hateful? Look
Do my double iron hands look more like it? I’m Yun Linlong
You like me because I look like him, right?
No? Then let me ask you
Do you choose me or this compelling purpose?
Will you cross the line? Okay?
I understand. Do you like this purpose?
Do you like this man?
Do you like this man? Do you like this man? Do you like this man? Do you like this man? Do you like this man? Do you like this man? You are
OK, the network agrees
Now that you have explained it to this website
I'll be reasonable with you
Let you and this man go on a double flight